Wokr Diary

Week 1 
We had a meeting in week 1, we got familiar with each other and selected our scrum master who is Kyrie, we decided to do meal match, after
that, we went through all the requirements of the proposal and he arrnaged what to do for ecah of us, my task is to write user stories 
and sprints.

Week 2
I read the description of meal match carefully, then i wrote the user stories and sent it to Kyrie, he uploaded it to jira and asked the 
other group member if there is any problem with the user stories, everyone was happy with that. We are going to have a meeting this week to
discuss further tasks. I hope everyone having a great time to do this project.

Week 3
We had a meeting on Sunday, i was assigned to do the show ingredients and pick ingredients. 
This task is very difficult for me, because everything is relatively new to me, so I spent a long time to learn,
it just seems to come up with something but after adding some new code, the program appears a lot Problem,
i'm still trying to fix these problems.

Week4
We can select the ingredients on the website, but there were still some problems in the webpage, we tried to upload the the images of ingredients
but it was kind of hard for us. We spent some time to fix the bugs and we finally did it. However, after discussion, what we did seemed like  not 
what we expected. 


Week5
On Friday lab time, we had a offline meeting to show the demo to the tutor, everyone was there.
We got some feedback from the tutor, he thought our design was overall well but the user interface
needed to be improved. We would fix that ASAP.
After that, we discussed about the things in retrospective, such as what went well, things that did not 
go well and whan can we try to improve our design. And we finished the report of the 
retrospecive A.


Week6 
This week is mid break, we were still working on the project and the website was looking good 
overall. We tried to develop our website by following the retrospective A. I started to learn
css.

Week7
The website looks empty as we did not upload the Ingredients and recipes on it, Kyrie and I was working on it, kept updating ingredients and 
recipes. Also added more meal-type to the website. Other than that, we were working on css to make the website beautiful. 
I think everything is going well.

