Week 1
Group is formed and group name is called “Project DoubleFlies”. 
Sijie and Yu wrote user stories and Danting and I checked it. 
I started to draw userboard based on the user stories. 
I have designed database and system structures. 
We also chose software language and tools that we can you in this project.

Week2
We started to write report with the diagrams we made last week.
The project is going smoothly. 
I have started to learn how to use java spring boot and wrote basic react project
to fetch data from the backend.

Week3
I started to study for react redux and axios to use api from backend to display in frontend.
I have done login form and registeration form and some of the contributor page such as view own recipe
and post new recipes. I need to wait for backend to see if this work well with backend.

Week4
The view recipe from last week is working perfectly with backend.
I have done pick ingredient form, list recipe, post recipe, edit recipe and delete recipe for frontend.
I have setted private route on contributor page and explorer page so that not logged in users are not able to
see those pages.
Public user can only view pick ingredients, public view pages.

Week5
I have added functionalities that contributor can upload recipe image and explorer can view the images.
We had demo this week to show our website to tutor and had meeting after that. We need to improve our UI design, 
add constraint to amount for ingredients that amount cannot be negative number.

Week6
I have added the functionality which notify contributors "most frequently searched set of ingredients which does not have corresponding recipe for it" to 
give recipe idea for contributors. Updated UI for readability. Changed list of ingredients and instructions UI to table view. 
changed the select ingredients modal into fixed sidebar in public recipe page. 

Week7
Add background to recipe exploring page so it looks more professional.
Suggesting next ingredient is added to show list of ingredients that can be added to user chosen set of ingrediets to search for recipes.
pick ingredient sidebar is modified to align all the element in sidebar to the center (vertically).
size of the image and description in the card view of recipes are fixed now so all the card will have the same size. 
The longer description will be cut off (in card view) and be replaced by ellipces.
The cardview was restricted to 3 columns before but now it fits to the size of the window.
Added confirmation modal to confirm deletion, removing and saving operations.

