Week1

We have a offline meeting and everyone is very friendly and nice. Firstly, we decided who to be the scrum master and oteher's role.
After that, we went to the proposal of this assignment and try to make everyone is happy with their work. But one of our team members
told me that he may drop this course since workload of other courses are too heavy, and he told us he decided to leave a day after, so
we rearranged our work and try to restart.


Week2
Since i am scrum master of this team, so i told my team members to remember upload their work diary on time, and my work is to complete 
user stories in Jira. At the beginning, it's not very easy for me to setup Jira and learn how to create user stories and epics in it. 
However, after struggling for a while, i understand how to use it and finally complete most of this work. Obviously, there are some erros 
that need to be recorrect such as grammar error or misunderstanding description of user storie, so I asked my team mates to help me find these
errors and fix them.Everyone is happy with user stories but i believe we should double check is there anything that need to be done to
achieve their needs. Therefore, I will lead my team members to review their work and try to make this proposal perfect at next week. 

Week3
In order to ensure that the project can be tracked normally and communicated in time, we decided to hold an offline meeting every Sunday 
to summarize the problems and experiences that occurred during the week. At the same time, according to the plan, we started to do some 
tasks based on the user story, and the first thing that needs to be completed is account management, including login and logout and 
registration.However, due to limited familiarity with spring boot and css, some difficult bugs were encountered at the beginning, 
which caused some time wasted but was finally resolved. Next week will continue to do corresponding tasks according to the plan.

Week4
This week's tasks become more difficult than last week, because the tasks to be done are relatively tricky, and there are many functions 
that need to be implemented. At the same time, due to the different computer configuration and system of each team member, the connection 
between the front end and the back end is very difficult. Although we already know the corresponding content, it will still take some time 
for the website to run and successfully implement the function. At the same time, because each team member has a different grasp of spring boot, 
more time and communication are required to ensure the successful completion of the tasks.

Week5
We sucessfully showed demo for our tutor, and it seems that everything is fine except that the front-end page is too simple and needs some 
improvement.In addition, because of the active cooperation of the team members, we performed retrospective immediately after the demo. 
Everyone proposed respectively good things to be done from the beginning of the project to the present and areas that need to be improved. 
Everyone was very positive. This made the whole process go very smoothly. Next, continue to follow the project plan, hoping to complete more
user stories on time.

Week6
This week is a flexibility week, so in order for everyone to have a good rest adjustment in this week, there is no offline meeting, 
but for the project to continue smoothly, we still follow the project plan we wrote to complete more functionalities. At present, 
it seems that the overall completion is good, and also submitted retrospective A immediately after the fifth week of meeting, 
and also sent an email to tutor hoping to have time to check. The next week is the seventh week. Near the end of the period, 
we need to work harder to complete the task, and we need to conduct an overall inspection during the tenth week to ensure 
that the website can show perfectly

Week7
This week we continue to follow the project plan for further progress of the project, and the next week needs a demo. 
According to the demo given by the tutor last week, we are adding more recipes to make our website more like a real recipe website. 
And due to the diversity of users' choices of recipes, we decided to make the number of recipes for each category be about ten, 
so that users have a lot of choices. And we found some bugs when testing the website, such as unable to modify the recipe image, 
too few units, etc. So we have made improvements and hope that the demo will achieve good results next week

Week8
This week we need to carry out presentations, so we first decided on Wednesday in what order to carry out presentations. 
At the same time, we are completing the functionalities that need to be completed in the plan, and due to the continuous 
improvement of the website, we found that there are some previously proposed functionalities do not need to be used anymore, 
such as viee the history of recipes and we have also optimized some existing functions, such as changing the way 
of notifying contributors through email to contributors can be directly viewed on the page which ingredients do not have matching recipes




